Example updated with ISTQB guidelines (#89)
danopolan/istqb_latex: example-md/02-markdown-guidelines.md

## Landing page

Data for the Landing page are defined in `metadata.yml` file as follows:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```yaml
````

This will move the section to the next page and format it the same as this section.

> To exclude section from Table of Content , write `{-}` next to the section heading as follows:

Reviewer: Writing `{-}` is short for `{.unnumbered}`. The section is included in the Table of Contents, it's just unnumbered.

```suggestion
To make a section unnumbered, write `{-}` next to the section heading as follows:
```

``` md

> ## Sections {-}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unnumbered section {-}
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````
